                               Xak

You start in a village, enter the house right above the church. You will find a blond girl which
asks you something. Then enter the church and walk against the second bench on the right, you 
will receive a pair of glasses. Go back the girl and get 600 Gold, use this for a weapon and an
suit of armor. Now go to the first house right below and buy a star. Leave the village and fight
with red and blue enemies, till you have level 3 and 3000 Gold. Go back to the villlage and 8
breads. Go back to the bridge, down and left and hit lave (time to save also). Choose as a item
a bread and cross the lake and find the lava-village (below). Buy the glove and shield and find 
third scroll, get the third scroll to the first village and start beating enemies till level 8.
Go to the right and start fighting till level 11, get a (better) armour go up till one screen 
above the red enemies, go left till you find which you have to return to the village (the house
right under). Leave the village and keep going up till you find your first real enemy : The Tree-
man, go after defeating him to the castle.

Here you will find a old man, which ask for something. Now go left up the stairs, go right and walk
against the door in the middle, which opens now, you will receive a bottle. Return to the old man
and speak to him, use the first item from the village, and get a key. Find the second exit and walk
through it. Now again you will find someone who asks for something, this item is being held by some-
one inside the castle, speak with him and bring him to the exit, go up, and take the highest door.
Go down the stairs and find a talking door (really !), and go back to the second man. You now must
have a key for the door after which the second monster hides. Go after defeating him to the talking 
door. He can be opened, inside you will find a man which tells a story. Now go back to the first
village, go to the house where you have brought the girl, then go to the second village, listen to
the old men and end his story with 'yes'. There is now a fairy waiting by the entrance, she also 
tells a story. Afterwards you can use the cable-lift to go down, here you will find a monster with
a story, answer his story with 'no' and start fighting, defeat him and return to the old men. He will
give you an item. Go back down with the lift, and find an exit.

Here you will find a person who wants some wine, therefore go inside, right and find two bottles. 
Bring them both to the person and get a key in return,get back to where you found the bottles. And
use the key for the boxes, which will open and reveal an item. Now search in the cave on the wall 
for a golden thing. Try to open it with the last item. Now a face appears which talks to you now
try to open the mouth in the face. Search for the second face of gold, and the third. After opening
these faces, go search two statues which with letters of gold, now use the middle item of the chest
Keep walking and again a face starts talking, open him with the item from the village. And enter the
second disk.

Which starts in the village, look around and leave. Walk across the screen to the upper left and find
an entrance, enter and find a hanging man, a box with dwarfs and a talking skeleton. Go back to the 
village, enter the house on top right, then to a gunstore. And find the fairy, leave the village.
Enter the cave and find the flying dwarf, listen to his story and end with 'no' then go the box with
dwarfs and get an item. Go with the item to the hanging man and speak to him, he disappears. Go to 
the village and find him and get an item.

Go back to the cave and find the skeleton, you will receive a sword from him. Find the monster, defeat
it and answer the question with 'no'. The monster disappears and a hole appears, walk through it and
enter the second part. Go to the right, go up, down and up, find a passage, walk up, cross the bridge
to the castle. Search the gasmask (right of the castle) Then go left, search for a man who talk with
you, walk away and he will call you, bump threetimes into him and he will jump on your back. Bring
him to the decorated wall. Here you get an item, bring that item to the girl with the child. Then walk
walk into to the man next to her. Return to the castle. Go up and find the beds. Go to the fire place
and bump into it five times. Then return to the place where you found the gasmask. Walk on the second
last bed down and get an item. Now find a stair which first couldn't be used, go up and enter a talking
room. As this happens walk across the room to the farest point away and use the item found on the bed.
You can get a ride on a dragon. Fight your way to the landing place where you have to speak with an
old man. He will give you a sword an a item. Further you will find the warp-maze.

The maze exists from 14 temples marked with the letters A till F and two with demonheads.

The purpose is the work through all the letters (not according the alphabet) and to make 7 warps.
 
But beware : 

- If a letter is entered you are being warped to a temple with the same letter.
- Pass through a letter once had, and you are warped but given a text, and you can start all over
again, samething happens when entering a demonhead to soon.
- Save the demonhead for last.

The group of temples exist from

(1 = B,G,F,D)(2 = E,B,C,F)(3 = D,C,A, demonhead)(4 = G,A,E, demonhead)

After the maze you are by a large temple, at the entrance a god will speak to you. Let him in exchange
for the three crystals put a spell on your sword. Enter the temple and find Pixie which is still under
of Badu, which will show up later. The fight begins, but just when you think Badu is finished, he changes
and you can start all over. When he is death, leave the temple and walk to the edge and find Pixie,
bump into her and watch the ending.
