Program:        MSXRUN.EXE
Version:        3.0
Author:         Teemu Hummer
Snail-mail:     Heponiementie 3a6
                48350 Kotka
                Finland
E-mail:         kon6tehu@kotakk.fi
Released:       11.11.1996
Requires:       Marcel de Kogels FMSX-DOS version 1.6b1
Disclaimer:     The author is NOT responsible of ANY damage use or misuse of
                this product may cause. MSXRUN is copyrighted to Teemu Hummer
                but can be distributed freely without fee as long as it
                remains intact and unchanged. FMSX-DOS is copyrighted to
                Marcel de Kogel. FMSX core program is copyrighted to Marat
                Fayzullin.
                If someone want's to sell this product: Consult the author.
Suggestion:     Read the FMSX-DOS and FMSX manuals too!

Filelist:
        Without these files it is prohibited to copy this software:
         MSXRUN.EXE
         MSXRUN.TXT
        Later MSXRun will create (if not present) MSXRUN.CFG, FMSX.CFG
        and ROMS.CFG

Interface (advanced users can skip this one...):
        Main window buttons:
                Emulation: MSX1 / MSX2
                 - Selects the type of emulation either MSX1 or MSX2
                Video: 320x200 / 320x240 / 640x480 / 256x212
                 - Selects videomode for emulation.
                   320x200 or 320x240 recommended
                Allow/No VGA mode switches
                 - Allows VGA mode switches?
                Chipset: VESA / S3 / AUTO
                 - Selects the video chipset for your videocard. If you are
                   not sure what it is use AUTO
                Sound: Variety of sound options
                 - Sets your soundcard (or lack of it) for emulator sounds
                Megaromtype: Konami and ASCII megaroms.
                 - Usually default setting will do.
                 - If ROMfile won't work, try testing different megarom-types
                   and emulation types too!
                Save:
                 - Saves current ROMs megaromtype and MSX emulation used.
                   So if you later select the same ROM again the MSXRUN will
                   adjust the megaromtype and emulation type to match
                   previous selection saved.
                First ROM-file:
                 - from here you can select the ROM-file for MSX-ROM-port 1
                Second ROM-file:
                 - This is the secondary MSX-ROM-port file
                   Some games add cheat-codes to other games(Nemesis2&Qbert),
                   if you already didn't know that...
                Disk A image: xxxxxxxx.xxx
                 - This is the file to access MSX drive A:
                 - To the right of this button you can see two little buttons
                   One saying A and the other says B. Use these buttons if
                   you want to set drive A or B as MSX Drive.
                Disk B image: xxxxxxxx.xxx
                 - This is the file to access MSX drive B:
                 - To the right of this button you can see two little buttons
                   One saying A and the other says B. Use these buttons if
                   you want to set drive A or B as MSX Drive.
                Joystick Emulation: Off/Port1/Port2
                 - Sets joystick emulation for analog joystics On/Off.
                SwapButtons: Swap/NoSwap
                 - Swaps the buttons from analog joystic
                Scc: On/Off
                 - Sets Scc emulation On/Off
                FMPac: On/Off
                 - Sets FMPac emulation Off/OPL2/MPU401/MPU401&OPL2.
                Emulate VDM scr.adj: Off/Horiz/Vertic/Fully
                 - Sets the VDP screen adjustment emulation.
                Verbose: different verbose levels
                 - You can set your favourite verbose level (SILENT!)
                Launch xxxxxxxx.ROM [Enter-key]
                 - Runs the emulator with ROM-file in any port. If there is
                   no ROM-files selected it runs the FMSX-DOS emulator with
                   any other file-options selected (tape / disk images).
                   Remember! MSXRUN needs some memory to run the FMSX-DOS
                   so if you have large programs resident in memory, please
                   remove them.

        Main window sliders:
               All sliders work the same way: either you press left mouse
               button down on a sliderblock(the white one) and drag it
               horizontally or vertically or press the left mousebutton
               above or below the white block in the black area and something
               wonderful will happen...

                 Volume:
                  - With this slider you can set desired sound/music volume
                    of the emulator.
                 Reverb:
                  - Reverb support for SoundBlaster-compatibles. (NO GUS)
                 Chorus:
                  - Chorus support for SoundBlaster compatibles. (NO GUS)
                 Stereo:
                  - AWE32 users may set the stereo panning (0-100, where 100
                    is extreme)
                 IFreq:
                  - Sets the emulator Ifreq
                 CPUSpeed:
                  - Sets the speed of emulated CPU (0-500%)
                 UPeriod:
                  - Sets the Uperiods
                 SB snd.Quality:
                  - Sets the sound quality for SoundBlaster 0 worst 5 best
                    and -- is OFF(for not being written to the .cfg file)

                 If the IFreq or UPeriod -sliders are set to minimum they
                 are set as 'Default'. This means the FMSX-DOS uses its own
                 'factory' settings.

        The filerequester:
                You can scroll the filelist by pressing up/down arrows,
                page up/down keys and using the slider on the right of
                the requester-window.
                The selected directory entry is highlited on the window.
                If the entry is a directory or a drive letter you can enter
                it by pressing right mousebutton or doubleclicking the left
                mousebutton or by pressing ENTER. If the directory entry
                is a file you can load it by first selecting it and then
                pressing OK-button, ENTER-key or doubleclicking it with left
                mousebutton.
                By pressing ESC or CANCEL-button you can leave the file-
                requester without choosing anything. By doing this you
                clear the latest selection.
                You can re-read the directory by entering (.) directory.
                NOTE: CD-ROMS don't show the (..) directory on 2nd level
                of dirs. If you want to go back, you must select the device
                once more...
                The filerequester doesn't mark CD-Roms if there isn't a
                Data-CD inserted and it doesn't scan for drive B.
                But who carez?

        You can get more accurate information about FMSX-DOS options by
        reading the FMSX-DOS and FMSX manual(s).

Other notes:
        First thing after installation you must delete the old
        fmsx-dos.cfg or rename it to fmsx.cfg.
        ...I won't add any sound options for the PC-beeper!
        REMEMBER: THIS PRODUCT NEEDS FMSX-DOS V1.6b1 by Marcel de Kogel.

        Feel free to mail any suggestions/comments/bug reports (needed).

History (really short version):
        3.0: As the FMSX-DOS 1.6b1 was released I had to modify the MSXRUN
             to match all the new options.
        2.1: Fixed some bugs(Logical and linguistic) and added the
             Save-button.
        2.0: Added different MegaRom-types support and moved the idiotic
             type-in-the-directory-thing into the filerequester!
         .   Added Reverb and Chorus sliders and MSX Drive gadgets...
         .   Fixed some bugs in the GUI which is still under development.
         .   Added IFreq, IPeriod and UPeriod sliders...
         .   Boy, that window looks stuffed....... ;-)
        1.0: First released/made version.

Thanks to:
        Marcel de Kogel and and Marat Fayzullin for FABULOUS MSX-emulator.
