InterNestor Suite beta 1 - By Nestor Soriano (Konami Man), 7-2001
------------------------------------------------------------------


1. WHAT IS THIS?

InterNestor Suite is a resident program, plus a set of utilidades, which 
allow Internet connection with a MSX computer having DOS 2, at least 256K 
RAM, and RS-232/ACCNET+modem.


2. PHILOSOPHY

The resident part of InterNestor Suite will consist on four modules, each one 
residing in a RAM segment and each one with his own timer interrupt service 
routine. Each module has a set of standarized call entries, which can be 
accessed by the other modules and by the user. Data packets exchange between 
modules is performed by using NestorMan lists, acting as queues. NestorMan 
also reserves the segments for the modules, and informs the user about the 
exact location (slot+segment number) of each module via extended BIOS.

The four modules will have the following functionalities:

- Level 1: Physical medium access. For example, serial port access via Fossil 
driver (available in this beta).
- Level 2: Link control. For example, PPP protocol (available in this beta).
- Level 3: IP module (not available yet).
- Level 4: TCP/UDP module (not available yet).

The utility programs will provide the typicial functionalities: telnet, FTP, 
e-mail, etc. In this beta only a simple PING program is available.


3. OPERATION

How to use this InterNestor Suite beta:

1) Install Fossil driver and NestorMan. Use this NestorMan version, do NOT 
use the one supplied with PPPAT.

2) Install and initialize the modules, this is achieved by doing:

INSINS I NFOSSIL NPPP-x

where x=A for NPPP-A.INM, PPP module with active opening (MSX starts to 
send configuration packets immediately), and x=P for NPPP-P.INM, PPP module 
with passive open (MSX waits for incoming configuration packets before sendig 
its packets). Four free segments are needed, all four in the same mapper 
slot.

INSINS.COM has more options; executing it without parameters more information 
is shown.

3) If connection is not null-modem, dial your ISP number:

ECHOCOM ATDTnumber, or: ECHOCOM ATDPnumber for pulse dialing.

4) Once the modem has detected carrier, open the PPP connection. This may be 
done by two ways:

PPPC O user password

In this way, PPPC.COM program will finish immediately, and connection 
stablishment will be performed as background task (you can always check 
connection status with PPPC S). The other way is:

PPPC V user password

This is the verbose mode: program will not finish immediately, but 
information will be shown until connection is either completed or it fails.

5) Once we are connected, the only thing we can do currently is to PING any 
IP address we know:

NPING IP-address

For example: NPING 147.83.68.1 will send echo packets to the mail server of 
the Telecommunication school of UPC on Barcelona. This ping program is very 
simple; since there is not IP module yet, simply a prebuilt IP packet is 
send; this IP packet contains an ICMP echo packet.

6) To close connection:

PPPC C

The modem should disconnect in few seconds. By th way, PPPC also shows 
information when executed without parameters.


4. FILES

The files which compose this beta are:

ECHOCOM.COM: Sends an string to the serial port. It is needed to order the 
modem for dialing the ISP number (it is not needed for null-modem 
connectionsm, of course).

NESMAN.COM: NestorMan 1.12. The NestorMan version distributed with PPPAT.LZH, 
although is also marked as 1.12, must be discarded.

INSINS.COM: InterNestor Suite modules installer. It allows also to uninstall 
them, as well as to pause INS (inhibits the modules' timer interrupt service 
routines execution).

NFOSSIL.INM: Level 1 module for phyisical medium access (RS-232 port), 
requires Fossil driver.

NPPP-x.INM: Level 2 module for PPP connections. x=A: active connection, x=P: 
passive connection (see "operation" section).

DRIVER.COM: Fossil driver for RS-232 access.

PPPC.COM: PPP connection control program. Allows to open a connection, to 
close it, to show the current state and to show the negotiated IP addresses.

NPING.COM: Simple PING program. Direct IP address must be specified (it has 
no resolver) and echo packets must be sent by hand, pressing ENTER.


5. WHAT AM I ASKING FOR

Betatesting, that is, test this beta and inform me about if either it works 
or nor, if it has strange behaviors, etc. For example, I have found two 
problems which I could not solve yet, and I would like to know if someone 
else has also these problems:

1) Active connection (using NPPP-A.INM) does not work if connection is opened 
immediately after the modem detects the carrier (when CD led lights up), that 
is, when MSX is actually the one who first sends configuration packets: MSX 
and ISP then exchange configuration packets in an infinite loop, until ISP 
gives up and closes connection.

2) After INS is installed, MSX can't detect the incoming packets until a DIR 
is made from DOS and the free space on disk appears. I'm completely 
astounished by this error.

I also would like to know if connection is completed successfully with 
various ISPs, what are the messages shown in verbose mode, etc.

And finally: INS slows down the computer, and I want to know your opinion 
about this speed loss: it is reasonable, it is too big, or how it is? Mainly 
for MSX2/2+ users.

You can find me at: konamiman@konamiman.com, my web page is: 
http://www.konamiman.com. Thank you a lot.


