    Pumpkin Adventure

    You start in the forest and go to the right, down till a crossing.
    Further down and at last to the right. Talk with the man, go down,
    two fields to the right and search a box with money. Then return
    to where you started.

    When enter the grass go to the right. Till can't you go further, 
    down and left. You are now by the " Nights of Nie ". "They for a
    strawberry. Go right and search a cave and the start of the landing
    place. Walk on the landing place and go to the village. By the 
    first house you can save. At one you get a magic flute. And by one
    house you are able to buy a strawberry. To collect the money, exit
    the village, walk using the landing place all the way down, left and
    up, here you will find Damien. Go back to the village go up to the
    four houses, At the third houses you will find Damien's mother. Now
    Buy the strawberry and return to the "Nights of Nie". Get a map and
    go back to the landing place and again all the way, pass the grass and
    enter the desert, select the map and follow the instructions, these
    will bring you an oasis with a chest, open it and collect the gold key.
    Now select the flute and you through the desert.
 
    Back to the village and go by the first houses right. Now open with the
    golden the first door and meet Bishop. Go back to the grass go right 
    till you find a chest, collect the hammer. Back to the village to the
    house where you got the flute. A hint is given. Back to the desert
    follow the map from bottom to top. If done right you will end on a
    graveyard. Go to the second grave below right and smash it with the
    hammer, go down and enter... A church below ground level. Walk 
    across the hall, story, move further, press space (to collect gold).
    Back to start of the landing place and speak with the guard on the
    left. Give him an gold axe, which you can buy in the house next the
    one where you bought the strawberry. Give the guard the axe and you
    may enter the cave.  

    When in the cave go to the right, at the end left and up, first
    left, then right up, left and up. Up right and down, right where
    you will find a box. Open it with the golden key and get a bucket
    (what a trade !) Go back, down and right, right and up, across
    the wall,  right, left. Up and find the teleporter. Left, float
    across the lava(with the bucket). Float up right to a box, which
    is empty, go back to shore, and left and find a box, some text tells
    you something, so go back to box in the lava, open it with the hammer.
    Leave the lava, left and open the door with the key from the lava.

    Go from this room :

    West, North,  East, North,  West, West,  South, South,  West, West, 
    West,  North, East,  East, North,  West, West,  West, South, South, 
    South, South,  East, North,  East, South, South, South, West, North, 
    West,  South, West,  North, West, South, West, North, North, East, 
    East, North, West, West, West, South, South, South.

    If followed you are now by The Holy Grail, bump into it and a door 
    will appaer. Now go South, South and you are outside. Leave the 
    passage and the door has disappeared. Enter the passage and go to the
    lava-maze. Float up, first left. Open the box with the last key and
    get the second teleporter. Follow the passage left. Go down by the
    crossing. Go down and the end go right. And the end go up. All the
    way up and at the end right go down and find two boxes, one gives a
    ring, the second a text. Select the first teleporter and use it.
    Go left and open the door with the second key. Select the first item
    and use it, you are now by The Holy Grail (again). Walk against the
    door, select the ring and use it. 

